I'm obsessed about Executives not
joining startups today that don't know
the product this is the problem I see
today all so many veterans that work 10
years wherever they don't really learn
the product before they start if you
don't know the product how can you
survive it's just brutal right one of
the things we did hpot is we hired a new
rep their training wasn't sales training
their training was okay you got to learn
HubSpot pick start your own small
business Buy domain build a website your
contacts in there syn your LinkedIn and
do an email marketing campaign and then
the test was after the three weeks of
training I would the test was in front
of me they had to present their business
to me and show me their website show me
all that yeah all the Reps really
viscerally understood the value and
really knew the product I think that
helped a lot okay we've dug into a lot
of things do you have time for three
questions on the journey so Brian did a
LinkedIn Post in a Twitter that got a
lot of Engagement on YouTube and others
I'll link to it it was on the
journey at first I thought some of it
might be looking backwards too much but
actually it's all pretty pretty darn
good I I'd encourage everybody to read
it a couple of
things that stood out a lot of things
that stood out to me let me pick two out
of order one was something you said that
I just think is so helpful and it was
something that Dev from said years
ago at saster that I missed I just
refound it he said and he's a great
operator right VC the the whole thing he
said you're lucky if 60% of your
management team really works out this
was in a conversation with Jody bonsel
you said something pretty similar like
half
right and I'll find the exact quote but
it was pretty interesting and and this
is I actually think once you even have
two million in Revenue all that matters
is the management
team nothing else matters you think
competition matters but a great head of
engineering and product will outpace the
competition right a great growth
marketer will Max a great sales team can
punch above their weight class
is that what you think 50% of them
what's that I would push back on that
but I would say 50 60% so I one of the
things I do with S I run something
called the kids table and the adults
table the kids table is a company
between five and 50 million growing
infinitely fast the adult stable is
company between 50 and 500 growing at
least
70% and I just saw with HubSpot like
we've hired a lot of its XS many haven't
worked out and then I just started
asking around kids stable and the adult
stable is similar so if you're if you're
hiring people and 18 months later 60% of
them are gone misery L company I think
it's pretty typical now it might be able
to Le that but there is a couple things
at least that we're trying in HubSpot
and try to get better at it I'll give
you an example like we were hiring a
head of Revenue at one point and we had
eight people on the panel to interview
the head of Revenue and all eight people
people gave him a three out of four so
good solid everyone's solid on him and
we had somebody else that
got four fours and four
tws on a scale of one to four yeah I
picked the ladder but I want to hear the
story anyway we picked the guy who got
all threes
and he didn't work
out and my lesson is and you work on for
a lot of reasons but one of the reasons
is we hired for a lack of
strength not for we hire for lest Comm
not R we didn't hire for someone who's
spiky and I think you should hire for
somebody's spiky I also think the per
the person you're hiring yeah there
needs to be at least one person it's
like a venture deal it's SEO it need to
be at least one person around the table
that is I put I gave this person before
by by crook I to make this person
successful and if it's all threes
everyone's go somebody else will worry
about them so that that's one thing
that's one thing we changed yam dares
and I have changed that and it's unless
there two other three of us or four the
other thing we Chang is the size of the
panel like the more people you have on
there I don't know we just said we're
going to have four people interview
these folks and we trust be forwards our
Mas yam myself maybe one other person
yeah and if it's if we got a couple
fours on there as long as we're on a
bunch of ones like we're gonna go go
with it so we go for here we go for
smaller panels that's I don't know I
feel like our last two hirs were
excellent still honeymoon period but
everyone's feeling really good about
them those two little hacks helped us
the other hack that's helped us is we
just don't hire anyone from Google or
Microsoft or a giant company that it's
like a different level of abstraction
from where we're at it is used to having
you know a lot of staff and a lot of
help around that we're still earlier in
our journey but we like iire people call
it service now or at lassia or companies
like that they're a little ahead of us
on the journey who have seen the movie
recently we've had bad luck with the
Microsoft syles not that they're amazing
just like just didn't
fit yeah let me ask you two questions
about that so with these refinements
what percent of the VPS not putting the
last two on the spot or anything that
you just hired but what percent do you
think can you make successful is it
higher than 60 is it 70 where what's
what's a yard stick where it's you not
them what percent could you expect to
work out the learnings are relatively
recent like the
last we had a bunch of turnover and I
was like man we got to rethink how we're
doing
this and those are two of the changes we
made and think frankly Jerry's very much
out on this but we we're all feeling
pretty good about
it and I do think like when they fail
that
60% part part of it is hubspot's got a a
unique culture it runs pretty heavy on
the tracks it's very much a culture like
a first principal thinking type of
culture so if you come in with like your
playbook of how you did it at
salesforce.com and we're going to do it
here the immune system will push back
pretty hard in you and so part of it is
it I think it's not the easiest place to
join I think it's an amazing place
but I think yeah half of it is the
person hire and how we hired them part
part of it is our culture is unique and
special yes all right one other question
maybe this one's a slightly tough one so
but so this has nothing do with HubSpot
this is my life experience when you hire
the folks a stage ahead you're like
listen we want it lasting in service now
has nothing to do with the last at hubs
this is what I saw my tenur Adobe the
problem with some of those folks is
they're often the ones that got fired
like they're not like is HubSpot is more
Dynamic than atasan I get it but at is
still it's not like this how when you're
when these almost pure Executives right
how do you make sure they're jumping for
the right
reason I we really try to figure that
out complicated right but we and we
almost never hire somebody where we
don't know somebody on the inside that
we can really check it
like anyway we have yeah we we really
try to avoid it what happens a lot yeah
so R Network looking for the VP or SVP
of fpna for example the woman who left
hub spot I got a CFO job she's dfic
looking for
replacement
and the person we're talking to I'm not
saying the company she's coming from got
passed over for the CFO job at her
Company the company in question is talk
going public the one some of you have
been there done that in the public
company and she a pass server she wants
to be a CFO blah blah blah blah and so
we're getting here I like that I'm I'm
cool with that I'm not cool with
somebody who got pushed out and we try
to sus that out yeah it was tough it was
I it I think a lot has changed but when
I was
Adobe they hiring criteria for a VP it
was impos it was to hire a
VP and to give them that title right at
whatever level of VP it was they had to
have been a VP at a peer company we
don't say that but so what was crazy was
you could only hire from in
Microsoft and so they were always people
that got pushed out or fired because I'm
going to go from VP of of SVP of
whatever at Microsoft to SVP of whatever
at Adobe W it just there are instances
but it's tough you got to hire the the
director or something for to have a
reason to go to so everyone I met
through the recruiting was just fired
from one of the peer companies like I
can't do that man all the BPS of
engineering candidats they brought
in they were all all they must have
don't you think they they did they did
and and I I thought it was crazy but I
get it it's just too tight right it's we
have to have a standard so you could
come in but otherwise you'd have to come
in as a director or something no one
demotions are tough too at big bigger
companies right people don't Vibe the
demotion the thing I would say about all
this stuff is I see it I saw every round
of SWAT raids the new maor capital on
board and first thing we need to do is
upgrade the
team um
and I just think H Talent is
dramatically
underrated like you look at Cross
hubspot's management like you got Hots
management team
now everybody's been there at least 10
years that grew up in their careerist or
head of product or head of engineering
like pretty much everybody a bunch of we
hire a business school out of
engineering school it came up through
our farm system and I think BC are too
quick to Discount that and they get on
with context they bleed orange like
it's and if you look at Apple and
Microsoft there a lot of that and so I
think that's a best practice for
particularly for a new venture
capitalist that may be I think that's an
overrated best
practice Yeah I think this is I I just
got two more questions for this is one
of the followup on this was the home
your theme in the post on homegrown
Talent right I I I it's the least risky
bet you have right is backing your
winners that you have in house right
bringing in Outsiders until you have to
is so
risky super risky so risky right the
other thing I would say is okay you get
this director you want them to a VP or
whatever and you put them on development
plan and all
that I I I'm against communalism but
there's there's a lot of commissional
ism other there like you need to develop
them and the boss needs to develop them
and they need to mentors and I never
really no one ever I never no one was
ever like I'm your Mentor he's my mentor
she's my mentor I never went through
like a training
program
uh I just was self motivated and I like
to learn and I tried to get better and
yeah I would ask my boss for so most of
my boss was like leaning on my
head and so I under under raid or Oran
A's ability to develop the upand comer
yeah another subtle thing that I suspect
worked well at
HubSpot that sometimes people Miss is
the more SMB you are the better it works
because you get so many a bats right
when I look at our old sales team the
first salesperson in at gong ended up
running sales for years the first guy at
Rippling is the cro today and they were
great but they didn't they came in as
the first rep and there's many reasons
but one reason is if you're closing 500
deals a year you get a lot of reps if
you're closing three1 million deals it's
very hard to be homegrown Talent right
and so I think the more SNB you are the
more you should lean on your bench
because my God they know so much in 24
months right they know they get so many
bats bats ref wise but engineering Wise
Wise CFO wise probably no benefit there
no benefit outside you're right no
benefit outside of sales really yeah
I've been super impressed with how well
our home grown Talent has ban
and They carried us a long way and I
look at Apple and it's pretty similar
we' model ourselves the one company we
model after is Apple we're no
apple Pi we are and we try to copy them
it it gives me a good feeling my heart
when ferland gy gets up there and does a
presentation because he's been there
since he was like
14 and then one last question on this
then I want to hit at least one more and
then we'll break I made I I try to speak
with data but there's one rule I've made
up and I can't find any data support it
but I think it's a good one which is the
50/50 rule for your Executives promote
50% from within and Source 50% from
without to get new DNA if you go too far
if you're all from within it's great but
eventually uh group thing can set in
right if it's all from outside it's so
risk it's so you lose all the DNA right
did you have any Targets like that at
hpot if you thought are there any goals
in terms of internal versus external for
leadership I always had that exact same
thing if have stld it for me for years
but now and now I'm questioning it
questioning it what do you think the
ratio should be I think internal I like
the internals oh lean in even higher 75
25 or something right yeah yeah if you
get somebody who's killing you leave in
yeah yeah I was at a board meeting this
week at a company called mango mint
which is sounds like a hard one it's
it's
SMB SAS Beauties and salons it's the
worst of the worst on the 2 by two small
Tam and super
competitive nothing harder right nothing
harder but they're coming up on 20
million growing over 100% with 110% nrr
and I sat with the head of sales but I
didn't really know her background she
was the first person in she actually had
volunteered to join no she didn't even
take any money when she started and she
came out of the industry she was like a
hairdresser or something she had no
classical but this is seven years later
and she has an incredible team and knows
it cold and we're she's talking about
how to she hasn't done this phase before
and I'm like my bets on
you yeah hire two great VPS under you as
you scale two great leaders go higher
the she was ran a pi Salon yeah she
worked in one yeah so it's but this so
much you'll never you want to bet on
those people until they say they can't
but she has all the energy all the wants
to build the team did it's you want to
that's the 7525 you want to bet on those
folks as far as they can humanly go
rather than have the the stuff shirt
bring in someone that from I love
service Titan but bring someone in from
service Titan at 700 million AR that
just got fired I don't know if they're
going to crush it and how do you think
you did I'll ask you a question back at
at Adobe when you hired that person for
into it who was a VP and you T the
person a BP level and they were fired
from their head out QuickBooks blah blah
blah
yeah did it work ever here the market
share went from 28% to 11% so what do
you think the answer is market share of
what e signature space when we sold this
is why it was stupid to sell we had 28%
market share by revenue and maybe 40% by
transactions because we were cheaper
than docu sign it was 11 within two
years of me
leaving why it's hard to go from 28 to
11 isn't it in this is yeah it stayed
for a while when my sales team stayed
they stayed a while but as soon as they
were left and it was those and it's it
sounds critical and it is critical but
it's also just a learning right the
market share rapidly decayed after the
team was gone it rapidly and now I
suspect it's in single digits and it
retreated some of it's for logical they
retreated to Vertical Z like like
government and education but the problem
is we were good in
Tech and like sales and so they
retreated to areas we were weak so if
you Retreat to areas you're weak you can
push it through the channel but it's
like a double whammy isn't it like and
but that's what H going from 28 to 11 in
SAS is hard with renewals and stuff it's
hard the question I asked sorry I
thought the number might but me I
misunderstood the question answer mro
but and you already goby you're hiring B
you hire that into it person yes they
got fired but they're not a chump that
they it into
it not a chump did they ever work out
were they ever great no and listen the
real reason is and this is what I obsess
about now I obsess about this they never
learned the
product they didn't even try they ran
the Playbook and the strategy meetings
and did the ra raw with the team
probably better than I could I'm a ra
raw guy but I'm a little intense
probably more Kumbaya but
never never learned the
product and I remember once for example
as I was coming out one of our biggest
comp customers back in the day was
Groupon it was a million a year okay and
we were super early mobile like we
launched Everything Mobile the day it
came out but by that time happened Doc
sign's mobile app was much better than
ours okay so we had this tough me with
group on they're like we love you but
like we we need mobile to be better and
one of the executives stood up and we
had this really limited integration in
Acrobat Reader okay it barely worked and
he put it up on the phone he said it
works
great this is like not the right answer
to the like what this person wants this
elegant workflow to sign the contract on
the phone not native but in an like we
we have it but this just checked the Box
answer like just showing that a really
clunky thing that doesn't work like
that's when you don't know the product
and he wasn't technically wrong but
that's where you see Decay and so no one
and I'm obsessed about Executives not
joining startups today that don't know
the product this is the problem I see
today all so many veterans that work 10
years wherever they don't really learn
the product before they start I'm just I
just I'm just going to use the HubSpot
Playbook I'm just going to use the
whatever Playbook and people are tired
and they just want a job and they don't
learn the product and they just all fail
and that's what I saw it wasn't that
you're right they didn't have they had
good management skills right they had
good leadership skills but never how can
you survive today if you don't know the
product how can you survive maybe you
can
sell these o core products right the
core but that's the part it's just
brutal right it's is brutal so that was
what kind of I knew it but that's just
never knowing the product one of the
things we did I don't even know if we
still did it h spot is we hired a new
rep their training wasn't sales training
their training was okay you got to learn
HubSpot pick start your own small
business buy a domain build a website
yes put your contacts in there sink your
LinkedIn and do an email marketing
campaign and then the test T was after
the 3 weeks of training I would the test
was in front of me they had to present
their business to me and show me their
website show me all that yeah all the
Reps really viscerally understood the
value also understood where the Buns
were back
been and and really knew the product I
think that helped a lot I think the
problem is that and listen that honestly
in today's world any rep that could pass
that test I would hire 100% I think the
problem is we stopped doing that around
May 2020 there was so much hiring and so
much demand literally across the
industry having R the sell me the pen
died the demo died it's just I've got
four offers I've got offers from from
Gusto HubSpot ripling deal gong I Brian
Lorraine has 11 offers okay if I make
her do three weeks in the demo and a
case study and she's gone on I got to
hire her today to hit the plan and we
lost this we stopped and we stopped
doing reference checks too reference
checks and the demo died after we hired
so one thing oh this is
after it's too much to do it before yeah
I agree on the reference checks everyone
get very lazy on reference checks it
just ended yeah I guess if you do it
after it's okay it is I think I I still
find instead of like classic sales
trading we did HubSpot product like you
get to learn how and set it up got do it
you got to be an an
expert and yeah I would say 90% every
time I have an interaction with sales or
customer success I use it as a lab too I
just find over 90% have no idea how
their product works today no and I I
really think it's a legacy of this these
crazy times in 2020 when maybe it didn't
matter think it's coming
back uh you know the I think this is one
of the meta issues for the future I
think we figured out a lot of stuff I
don't honestly think we figured out
people issues I don't think it's coming
back and I tell you what I'm worried is
you what what I when this is a
conversation so many cosos and C have
behind quiet doors they'll never have in
public or on LinkedIn because they're
going to get fried for it which is how
do we do with folks that just honestly
want to work 10 or 15 hours a week from
home and you can criticize them but I
get on the other hand I almost get it
right I almost if this is I'm working
from home today you're I think you're
working from home it's it could be worse
right so I'm critical and yet I have to
also get it I I don't think we have the
answers and one of the answers folks
tried is okay listen we'll just try kids
we'll just try kids don't you know that
what I'm speaking will be agist we'll
hire folks that are 21 or 22 it's
worse I think it's worse the
expectations from Tik Tok and everything
are worse and and so I don't think
that's the solution I can't hire anyone
that started in 2021 but that's not
working either so I don't I think AI has
to bail us out I think AI isn't just I
think it's the
solution we have to get especially on
the we have to get sales and marketing
and support So Good from AI that we're
not ryant on the 50h hour work person
that spends two months learning HubSpot
and deploying their in this is you just
asked my view I more on yours I don't I
think this is a great unanswered
question going into the future in BB we
do not have enough people that want to
run the old playbooks I don't actually
know this old gener this new generation
while I knew Millennials I'm actually a
big Millennial
fan Millennial I will say something
about the founders I me mostly true co
but also true I worked very hard when we
were starting H
spot the founders today are tyres there
100 a lot of them are like 20 hours a
week no I don't have any like like they
and it's and I I think it's a One D
and he's like a new template for how you
do this kind of thing but I have noticed
like a change in the
intensity of the
work I'm not sure exactly how I think
about it I think that's what it takes
and almost all of them coming through
these days have that I've always thought
obsession is a good feature in a Founder
but like that Obsession taking
to a bunch of them I talk to her 120
hours week it wasn't that way before and
so on the founders side there's an
intensity that is to me new in the last
few years yeah I think it's I I do think
I think that's the weird thing if you
just meet with Founders you'll think
they're harder working than ever and
they are I think Founders today work
even harder I thought about work every
minute of every day Saturday Sunday in
the shower on a run but I didn't work as
hard as Adam from owner or other folks
do I didn't work six and a half days a
week and do nothing but work and lift
weights nothing else I was like you I'm
constantly thinking about it I probably
put in I okay maybe six but most of the
people I know or seven days there's
they're just breaking and they see a
window of opportunity and they're like
I'm goingon to March hard so it's a
weird world where the founders are
working harder for real working harder
than ever but then I just don't think
all the folks we need to help us build
these
companies and I this sounds critical I'm
no longer critical I think it's hard to
find more than 10 people on your team
that want to work at that intensity
right and you can build this Elon thing
and there are cultures that do it the
owners and others have 50 100 200 people
doing this but it's I just don't even
know I honestly don't know where they
find them because it's a needle and a
hay stack today because when we started
in startups you were crazy to do a
startup either as a founder or as an
entry level you everyone was crazy in
startups everyone was crazy right and
it's very
mainstream so it's tough right you can't
expect normal people to be be
crazy I agree all right what else you
got okay last one this one's just one to
pick out but I I just i' never heard
anyone say this before at
scale we didn't get any acquisition
offers we didn't Salesforce never made
it serious never acquisition
offer know and there was all those
rumors Google was acquiring H spot no we
never in 18 years or whatever it is 18
years we had a couple snip
but no by the way it surprised me I
thought there'd be a lot of acquisition
so it's a little bit I worry when you
say your company is 25 million in
Revenue growing 300% and getting a
billion dollar acquisition
offer acquirer let's take Salesforce and
HubSpot I'm an interesting example
Salesforce invested in HubSpot knew it's
quite well yeah a Salesforce automation
company at a time when HubSpot was still
a marketing software company we pivoted
and we got into CRM ourselves but at the
time and then salesforce.com woke up one
day and said we want to be in the
marketing we like the sales offer and
the marketing looks pretty attractive
and at the time there was exact target
there was responses there's
HubSpot hard OD there was 10 of us yeah
and there was like the email marketing
ones and the marketing automation
ones
and they weren going to buy
they wer going to buy two they were
going to BU they were going to buy one
and they bought exact
target and then once they bought exact
target back just so happened Zack Target
had recently bought parot so they
actually got a freebie but for your
company if there is one obvious acquire
in for USP back that it was Salesforce
and they buy something
else first of all Salesforce weren from
being like our best friend to we they
were a formidable competitor in the
buring software space it's slowing our
growth down and second of all why our
national inquir is gone so be careful on
that advice you get them yeah I do be I
am very I don't know that the right ANS
is right big there one natural acquir
and they're coming now and then there
and you say no and they buy your
competitor or they build it then the
window closes and then not only does the
window closed for the choir but you're
competing with that big
company yeah it's always stressful when
a big company says to you you get you
you'll get a call we're thinking about
build by our partner that's like the
Corp Dev language which I hate but you
should take it and and I I got freaked
out when Adobe said it to us but but
your point is you should take it
seriously it may be language but it's
can be may be very build buyer partner
is serious language I'm made a few
Acquisitions
recently start a cash flow in a cpq
place there's a bunch of cpq companies
out there we picked one you won't buy
another you won't
would you have it obviously wouldn't
make sense if you open up Yahoo finance
today but if Salesforce had offered you
a billion dollars pre IO would you guys
have taken it I don't think so we were
pretty committed to building a
standalone company the line we always
use we still use want to build a company
our grandkids would be proud of and
build an anchor company in Boston and
all that kind of
stuff so I don't think we would have it
would have been nice if someone offered
though
it'd be nice to be wanted j i I think
the reason I brought this up not only is
these stories great I do think I do
think this is such good advice I think
when you read social media especially
what VCS say it seems like there's a lot
more m&a offers than there are and
there's Tire kicking and there's emails
but one it's acquiring a company is a
much bigger deal for a tech company than
you think maybe not for a p company it's
a big deal for Salesforce or HubSpot to
buy someone it's a big the soft costs
are much much more than the cash or
stock the soft costs are huge the
business process it's a big deal right
and VCS act like this happens all the
time but I don't think real offers
happen all the time that are good real
offers are rare right one company that
I'm involved with just got acquired by
strike for a good number
yeah and it's an early stage
startup and I asked him about the
process yeah
and he didn't give me a lot of detail on
it but it basically like
if you want to sell your company no
one's going to want to buy it by the way
it has to be completely that's another
issue yeah they have to want it for T A
Deal W up one day be like oh I want to
sell my company hire Banker it never
works it's inbound it has to be inbound
and I would take the calls like we
always would engage with Salesforce we
kept them close we let them invest we
partnered with them in the field and we
would always keep in touch with the big
folks around us because we always wanted
the option to say
no Google or Amazon or zforce anyone we
want to get in serum we want to at least
get the call and have it be our option
be like you know what it's going great
we think we're 35 billion Mar G and
we're marching to 350 and good luck and
we'll see how in the field or let's
partner yeah people say a lot of VCS say
go sell your company or you think about
it just doesn't work the only way it
ever works is if you've already gotten a
Reach Out
then it's somewhere between inbound and
outbound right keep in loose touch and
one of the things I did with Salesforce
is we met them after our series B yeah
and we were deep partners with them like
really deeply integrated with them at
the time and after we met then and
everybody in there once a quarter I put
together a back then a PowerPoint deck
of here was going on hpot four or five
slides unit economics I sck and I send
it to him just keep in touch things are
go well is the partnership
no one does that to me it's surprising
like we did I Le nurtur Mark Beno and
John sore J and yeah Brett Queener and
all those people back then for years and
even after they invested and then once
then once they Acquired and became I
ended the the lead nurturing campaign
but I would keep in touch with them and
nurtured the
relationship yeah you got to I know we
got to break it a minut when I was on
the other side of the Adobe and I they
Adobe did m&a was just coming back when
I got there it had gone on pause during
the downturn and they had list they had
Target lists right I don't know and I
sales forces there got leaked a couple
years ago on business C it was really
interesting because it's very methodic
right they had a Target list and what I
learned at Adobe is the target list in
rbu and all the be like one or two of
them made total sense to me this but the
other ones I would never put them on the
list these are hum driven this is what
Yaman and Brian and daresh think there's
gotta be one person yeah and like their
ideas may be tempered by where they live
who they've met with who Sequoia knows
who dares has seed invested in and it
may sh as the company gets bigger their
views of what is hot and is important is
there's so many startups right and I was
just some of the ideas on this list were
obvious that it was was pref figma but
some of them made I'm like why is this
is crazy like i' I've been a SAS founder
for a few years now I got a couple
better ideas yeah we just bought a
company called but we just made a couple
AC this we bought clear bit we
bought cash flow for cpq we bought frame
Ai and in all the scenarios there's kind
of one person on the exact team who was
like that champion and I'm gonna make
this work this is the idea and they just
push back and they's back what about
this company I'm like whatever and
they're in gosh it helps it it'ss the
CEO yeah CEO gets it gets the biggest
chip right
yeses I don't think buys anything
without Mark that up being
said yeah it's funny I'll tell you the
last not to spend too much time in the
early days of a we got this soft
acquisition offer from Salesforce and
John did it and we all did the pitch and
it was for so little money I said I just
can't afford it but we did it anyway and
here is I could share the other
interesting learning some of them
probably don't matter because it a long
time ago it was like a year one deal but
what was interesting is we failed the
the due diligence and the reason we
failed the due diligence is is they said
our engineering team wasn't strong
enough and what's interesting from that
story is they were not only is so good
but my CTO is one of the chief senior
scientist at Adobe today he's off the
charts
good but the but that was so important
like you just don't know what the goals
are and that was a dumb reason I get why
they made the decision he was cranky
okay and people matter in m&a too right
because you got to work with these
people and my C thought he came with his
best uh outfit and best but he was a
little he would always tell you why you
were wrong I love him but doesn't always
work at big companies to tell their but
but that was the that's a weird re
reason to do it and it was wrong but
right so you just don't know what the
motivations and goals and why they
wanted to do exact target over HubSpot
to me it makes no sense right but there
was internal logic to it right that we
might even today we might you might know
you could ask Scott but we might not
even know what the logic was right say
in the cases these three Acquisitions or
decent Siz Acquisitions that's I did the
CEO the founder and the CEO mattered and
we wanted to keep that founder CEO yeah
like interviewing a VP we it's like
interviewing a VP very similar to that
it's that a culture of fit we think we
could see this person here in 10 years
would we like to work on this person
that's how we looked at
it yeah people miss that like you're
being interviewed and it's you don't
even real you're being interviewed and
the bet on the people and it's just it's
it's so it feels very transactional to a
Founder in some ways and they don't
realize how much energy is going into it
at the acquire it's clear bit big deal
whatever it's but that's years of
Downstream impacts whether that deal
works out or not and just the human time
the distraction the integration the all
the meet the internal meetings about how
to integrate it where to integrate
pricing it's like that could be 10,000
hours of like expensive people's time
forget doesn't does even matter what it
cost to buy it in some ways right Jason
this lovely chatting with you you're the
best I need to run yeah we're over Brian
hallan thank you for everything always
great and we'll see you soon see you
soon Buddy Bye right man